



					SCHEDBOT is a smart scheduler for employers.  

					BASICS

					1. Must work using the functionality of the Woocommerce Plugin and the Groups Plugin

					2. Upon Registration the Employer is added to the Registered Groups and one of the package groups (Basic/Premium/Platinum/etc).

					3. 2 other groups are created when the employer registers, one which is named by a form field filled out be the employer in the registration form
						and will be suggested to be the name of the company.  The other will be a group for the employees.  This second group will also be created upon 
						registration and will be named with the name of the first group plus -emp which will stand for employees.

					4.  The person who registered for the account will then be the administrator of the company group and will have the capabilities to create new schedules, 
						create new users, either other administrators or employees, and be able to add users, whether administrators or employees to the schedule.  

					SCHEDULES

					1. Scheduling will all be done on the front end.  

					2. One page for the administrator of the company group to create a new employee.

					3. One page for the administrator of the company group to create new schedules.  This will be a form where they can choose the start day and end day of 
						that schedule (probably typically a month).  

					4. One page to add or adjust employees to a schedule and send it out.  This page will look somewhat like the widgets page in the Wordpress Dashboard.  A calendar 
						displaying all the days in blocks that are between the dates the user selected when they created the schedule will be in the center with a scrolling list on the right
						of the employees for that company group.  The employer can then drag the employee they want onto the day that they want.  When they drop it, the employee 
						open like a widget and allow the employer to select the times.   Just as on widgets, there will be a save button on the bottom, inside each employee widget.  Also 
						on that page would be a button to send a link to that schedule to every employee that is on that schedule.  (The email that would be sent to the employees would 
						just be a link they can click to view an uneditable schedule.  
					
						
					OPTIONS